# up206-Sharon
Hi! My name is Sharon Ghalchi, and I am a second year MURP in the Design and Development concentration. My main focus is on housing and real estate development. I am a Los Angeles native, and would like to stay and work in Los Angles in the future. Currently, I am working at “A Community of Friends”, one of the oldest and largest providers of permanent affordable housing in Southern California, as a housing development intern. 

Description of Course: From my understanding, this course will introduce us to the virtual world of spatial data analytics that we can use to “critically describe, analyze, and visualize spacial data” as future planners.  First, we will learn how to use GitHub and Jupyter to assist us in developing our coding skills. Once we become more familiar with coding, we will learn how to explore and evaluate urban data, and we will use our data and analysis to create visuals (maps, tables, charts) that help communicate our findings. 

Project ideas: I am open to different project ideas for the group project, but I am interested in studying homelessness and housing in Los Angeles. For example, we can use spacial analytics to visualize the atmosphere of homelessness, available affordable housing options, and affordable housing development throughout the last 50 years in Los Angeles to identify areas in need of affordable housing. We can also analyze how particular housing policies may have influenced the location, availability, and development of affordable housing within the city. Some possible policies to follow may be transit orientated development or density bonuses. 

Objectives: My main objective for this course to develop my coding and spatial analytics background. Coding is obviously the language of the future, and I would like to be able to understand and utilize the skill in my professional life. I plan on taking the Advanced GIS & Spatial Data course and the Urban Data Science course in the Spring to further develop this skill. 
